   ////////////////-----------------         JAVA             -----------------------------------///////////

What is java?
     Developed by Sun Microsystems in 1995 oracle cooperation, Java is a highly popular, object-oriented programming language. 
     This platform independent programming language is utilized for Android development, web development, artificial intelligence, cloud applications, and much more.
     Java is a most popular, object-oriented, widely used programming language and platform 
     It is intended to let application developers write once, and run anywhere (WORA),
     meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation.
     It is a simple programming language. Java makes writing, compiling, and debugging programming easy.
     
why java?

     simple
     oops
     platform indepentent
     portable
     secure
     robust
     interpreted
     Multi thread

simple:
      java is a simple programming language and easy to understand because it does not contain complexities that exist in prior programming languages

oops:
     Java is an Object Oriented Programming Language, which means in Java everything is written in terms of classes and objects. 
     The object is nothing but a real-world entity that can represent any person, place, or thing and can be distinguished from others. 
    Every object near us has some state and behaviour associated with it.

platform independent:
     Java allows programmers to write their program on any machine with any configuration and to execute it on any other machine having different configurations
     Java source code is compiled to bytecode and this bytecode is not bound to any platform. In fact, this bytecode is only understandable by the Java Virtual Machine which is installed in our system

portable:
     WORA (Write Once Run Anywhere) concept and platform-independent feature make Java portable.

secure:
      JVM is smart enough to distinguish viruses from normal programs. If a virus is found in a bytecode file, JVM will throw an exception and abort execution.

robust:
     There are 2 reasons behind this.
    first, it has a most important and helpful feature called Exception Handling.
    second memory management feature

interpreted:
     Java programs are compiled to generate bytecode files then JVM interprets the bytecode file during execution.
     Along with this JVM also uses a JIT compiler (it increases the speed of execution).

multi thread:
      when multiple threads run simultaneously is called multithreading. 



     ----------------------------           JDK,JVM,JRE          -------------------------------------

JVM:  JRE+Libraries classes
      It is a specification that provides a runtime environment in which Java bytecode can be executed.
      It can also run those programs which are written in other languages and compiled to Java bytecode.         
      JVM(Java Virtual Machine) acts as a run-time engine to run Java applications.
      JVM is the one that actually calls the main method present in a Java code.
      JVM is a part of JRE(Java Runtime Environment).
      A programmer can develop Java code on one system and can expect it to run on any other Java-enabled system without any adjustment.
      This is all possible because of JVM.

      JVM ARCHITECTURE :
              Class loader
              class area   heap   stack   pc register   native method stack  ---Memory area allocated by jvm
              Excution engine
                 
         Loads code  --The Class loader reads the “.class” file, generate the corresponding binary data and save it in the method area. For each “.class” file. 
         Verifies code ---it checks whether this file is properly formatted and generated by a valid compiler or not
         Executes code
         Provides runtime environment

   Bootstrap class loader:
      Every JVM implementation must have a bootstrap class loader, capable of loading trusted classes. 
      It loads core java API classes present in the “JAVA_HOME/jre/lib” directory. This path is popularly known as the bootstrap path.




JRE:
     (Java Runtime Environment) is an installation package that provides an environment to only run(not develop) the java program(or application)onto your machine. 
      JRE is only used by those who only want to run Java programs that are end-users of your system.
       JRE is one of the interrelated components in the Java Development Kit (JDK).
       It is the most common environment available on devices for running Java programs. 
       Java source code is compiled and converted to Java bytecode.
       If you want to run this bytecode on any platform, you need JRE.
       JRE acts as a software layer on top of the operating system.

        ClassLoader
         ByteCode verifier
        Interpreter


JDK: 
            JDK=JRE+Development Tools
   (Java Development Kit) is a Kit that provides the environment to develop and execute(run) the Java program.
   JDK is a kit(or package) that includes two things
        i) Development Tools(to provide an environment to develop your java programs)
       ii) JRE (to execute your java program).
   The Java Development Kit (JDK) is a cross-platformed software development environment that offers a collection of tools and libraries necessary for developing Java-based software applications.
      JDK contains:
            Java Runtime Environment (JRE),
            An interpreter/loader (Java),
            A compiler (javac),
            An archiver (jar) and many more.
      Most Popular JDKs:
         Oracle JDK: the most popular JDK and the main distributor of Java11,
         OpenJDK: Ready for use: JDK 15, JDK 14, and JMC,
         Azul Systems Zing: efficient and low latency JDK for Linux os.



JIT:
    The JIT or Just-In-Time compiler is an essential part of the JRE (Java Runtime Environment) and jvm, 
    that is responsible for performance optimization of java based applications during run time.
