String :
      a sequence of characters.
      String are immutable which means a constant and cannot be changed once created.
      In Java, string is basically an object that represents sequence of char values.
      An array of characters works same as Java string.
      
  Ways of Creating a String
  
      There are two ways to create a string in Java: 
       String Literal          String a="abc";
       Using new Keyword       String a=new String("abc");


  why string immutable in java?
       String literals to occupy a large area of memory, which can even cause redundancy. 
       So, in order to make Java more efficient, the JVM sets aside a special area of memory called the “String constant pool”.
       When the compiler sees a String literal, it looks for the String in the pool. If a match is found, the reference to the new literal is directed to the existing String and no new String object is created.
       The existing String simply has one more reference. Here comes the point of making String objects immutable:
    advantages:
       The String pool cannot be possible if String is not immutable in Java.
       A lot of heap space is saved by JRE. The same string variable can be referred to by more than one string variable in the pool.
       String interning can also not be possible if the String would not be immutable.

  STRING BUFFER:
         StringBuffer is a class in Java that represents a mutable sequence of characters.
         It provides an alternative to the immutable String class, allowing you to modify the contents of a string without creating a new object every time.
            append() method is used to add characters, strings, or other objects to the end of the buffer.
            insert() method is used to insert characters, strings, or other objects at a specified position in the buffer.
            delete() method is used to remove characters from the buffer.
            reverse()     
STRING  BUILDER: 
            The function of StringBuilder is very much similar to the StringBuffer class,
            as both of them provide an alternative to String Class by making a mutable sequence of characters.
            If such synchronization is required then it is recommended that StringBuffer be used. 
            String Builder is not thread-safe and high in performance compared to String buffer



          ------------------------- ARRAY-------------------------------
          
          
